hey youtube it's mitch at mod my calm
today we're going to be looking at why
wat richer allows you to add an alarm to
your phone so no one can steal it while
you're out and about or whether you have
it laying on the table in the library or
in a restaurant or wherever so let me
show you first of all how you can able
wild watcher it doesn't put any settings
under the settings menu so don't be
alarmed no pun intended when you can't
find it under there so we're going to go
to activator and from activator we're
going to we're going to be choosing
gestures for the lock screen so keep
that in mind we're going to be choosing
at the lock screen is where this works
and once you have chosen that I'm going
to choose triple press for the alert
mode and you see I already have that
chosen but I'm going to remove that so I
can show you guys where to put yours
there toward the bottom of the screen
here you got three actions
enable/disable to lurk mode that's what
I won't choose for that one and the next
one I'm going to choose is double tap
the clock and that I really enjoy using
that one for this particular ok we're
going to double tap the clock and we're
going to enable pocket mode scroll down
here toward the bottom and choose pocket
mode now when we go back to our lock
screen I'm going to enable pocket mode
first and show you a little skit we did
to show you how you can use this hope
you enjoy but first of all if we double
tap the clock you see the little icon
appear in the status bar that lets us
know pocket modes working so hope you
enjoy it guys
ok now the alarm mode works just like
laying on the table or just in a
stationary position and face down so
let's go ahead and let me show you what
that works but first of all to enable
that we need to go to our lock screen
and we're going to triple press the home
button for our gesture for that and you
see we get the little I in the status
bar that lets us know that we have that
enabled for the alert mode as I hope you
enjoyed by display why watcher was a
little bit of twist of myself involved
if you've not already followed my
mayakam on facebook and twitter please
do so now by following the links in the
description box below and if you're not
a subscriber we'd love to have you here
hit that subscribe box button before you
leave and keep coming back